# 2023-12-05 Process

The interaction as well as the link to the "instruments" got much clearer today. I consider the keyword "Resonance" as the main keyword for the installation. "Resonance" can be interpreted in a metaphorical way, e.g. finding your inner resonance / get grounded as well as in a physical way for the interaction. Inspired by the mechanics of a pendulum or swing the goal is to make pencil movements in a specific rhythm to get into resonance with the oscillating floating objects which are hanging in the back. Similar to a physicial pendulum you can not just apply force at any time, you have to find the right moment to get the pendulum oscillating. The movement of the three pendulums will then influence the sound.

Resonance explained:  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIgQrHW53Lw

Example of dependence on the right rythm to get the pendulum into motion:
https://youtu.be/MIgQrHW53Lw?t=256

## Electronics Discussion with Pablo

- will neeed stepper motors with driver (never use the bad tb6600 model!)
- go at metal workshop and measure all kind of materials for different resistances
- maybe hack new carbon support printer
- cable thickness matters. when dealing with low voltages you have to be careful to no put to much current onto the cables. Check for max Ampere per length rating. Otherwise they will start burning.

## Discussion with Laure

- Circular movement is beautiful
- up and down movement is fluid as long it is on a big area, long plate might constrain this
- however circular movement maybe more difficult in terms of interaction
-

-
- light objects, like feathers, plastic foil, which make movements through going up and down and can also make waves if moved fast
- floating jellyfish
- rounded fluid forms

### How to find object design references online

- Pinterest & pinterest similar recommendations (maybe seperate account to train algorithm)
- if something sparks interest find out artist and search for more work of them
- Collection of interesting artists / design studios
- Wallpaper & Deezen Magazine
-
-

Ideas reasonating through light instead of movement

## Inspiration

Interesting kinetic light installation:
https://www.behance.net/gallery/141180655/Kinetic-Light-Installation
