# 2023-12-04 Process

Today I further refined my concept. I had feedback discussions with Laure and Douglas as well as people of the class. 


## Discussion with Laure and Douglas

- Prototype is looking great, no need for the ropes (only if needed for the position, but there are probably better ways)
- Pencil pressure and drawing acts as a distortion to the sound
- around 4 instruments (e.g. gongs) hanging in the back, which are triggered by the movement of the pencil

- hanging things is hard, also think about other ways
- does it need to be a physical gong? It can be a modern interpretation of a gong, for example a physical object that resembles it while the sound is digital. Or just a specially formed resonance body for a speaker. Or cones, or a minimal paper shape, etc. 
- metal plate might have different zones for different sounds similar to DJ pults or drum machines. Zones might for example be achieved by thin laser engravings.
- A speaker with cones can already be very interesting, does not have to be a physical instrument. 


## New Inspiration

I discovered an artist called Lotta Stoever with interesting works which I found inspiring for my project.

https://lotta-stoever.net/works/towards-an-intimate-electricity

https://lotta-stoever.net/works/indisposable



## Temporary Materials List (rough)

- Instruments (Gong)
- Motors
- Metal Ropes
- Metal wheels
- Lights
- Microphone feedback


## Discussion with Ares

- currently difficult to decide what exact instruments I want to place with which visitor can inderectly interact with through the pencil movement
- I am missing one keyword that helps me connect the dots, to know better what I want as the output. Keyword might be something like "contemplative" or "oscillation" for example
- think also about big body movements
- doesnt have to be a horizontal metal plate on a table, can have any 3-dimensional form 


## Discussion with Laure

- maybe unidirectional drawing movement doesnt fit grounding experience so well
- think of more abstract objects going up and down, can be more poetic
- can also be a turning object or pendulum, or windmill like

## Next steps

I created a To-Do-List to track my progress and have an overview of my next steps:

[Link to To-Do-List](../To-Do-List.md)
