# 2023-12-21 Process

## Feedback Laure Douglas

back to the basics  
graphite plate is the important thing.  
Too much structure draws away from the center of the poetic interaction.

projection as a plan B if physical movement doesnt work out until January presentation

Focus more on Design of the interaction plate object! Its at the center of my project and corresponds more to what others are doing as well.  
Get this object poetic in itself

pencil design second / third priority

paper is nice as floating object

arms that go up and down probably much better than undwindig. Also has poetry to it

Xylophone: Put two sticks below and its already regarded as a xylophone I can play with.

its nice to see cables and also nice to see inside

Prototype Plate is beautiful!

box design not ideal, same as with structure. It draws away from the poetics, feels not inviting enough to interact with.

Get rid of structure again. Mount all motors up to the ceiling.

Inspiration Alexander Calder  
Zimoun / Pelong Ref

why not go about projection

They are happy with paper material of floating object

In case of the floating objects, nice floating is more important than the look, therefore its good to test out material first and then do the form.

Plexiglass see through

maybe even make electronics / arduino visible with a little light? maybe too much? How technical I want it to be?

has to be discussed how importan ergonomics really are.

Critique current interaction console: You would no put your hand ther while drawing. It has to be the big angled plate / table so it works

maybe visible cable connection to object?

